{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c33333\c33333\c33333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A short description of the project's name and what it does.
\f1\b0 \'a0This may be taken from your design docs.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}My project is an online version of CLUE modeled after CMU with different location and character cards. The game includes several additional features including an AI component that moves around the board making guesses and the nearest location, the AI is a smart player and makes guesses based on how many cards back it received (i.e cards not in the winning deck) and regenerates guesses based off of this information every time it enters a room, if it enters the winning room it keeps guessing within that room. The player can interact with the AI by messaging it with a text box that uses token words to queue a response. The player can access their own cards and make a guess only once in a room, the player can interact with a note pad which is clickable and deletable. The player can also access hints that tell it the best next move location-wise and gives it certain hints for both the character and the weapon in the deck. The player must follow all game rules, they only have access to their cards, cannot move through walls, and can use secret tunnels to travel around. After every guess the computer returns which cards are in the deck by using random player names. If the AI wins (the guess is the winning deck), before the player, the player loses, if the player accuses incorrectly, the player loses, if the player accuses correctly, they win. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How to run the project.
\f1\b0 \'a0For example, which file the user should run in an editor. If your project uses data/source files, also describe how the user should set those up.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Open all files and class files, the total files are 5: \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}TP3.py\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}class_AI.py\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}CLASS_CARDS.py\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}textInput.py\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Locations.py\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Which libraries you're using that need to be installed, if any.
\f1\b0 \'a0If you can include the library in the submission, that is preferred.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}No libraries were used/ need to be installed \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A list of any shortcut commands that exist.
\f1\b0 \'a0Shortcut commands can be used to demonstrate specific features by skipping forward in a game or loading sample data. They're useful for when you're testing your code too!\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'938\'94 - to restart the game \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}